and welcome back to a fresh episode of
business growth show I'm your host Sam
Dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly emails where I share actionable
B2B marketing website and SEO tips
useful goodies giveaways and more why
not give it a shot over at
businessgrowth dot emails joining me
today is returning guest Justin Roe he's
the founder and CMO over at impactable
how are we doing sir
hey nice to be here I'm doing great
thanks for having me on man no worries
dude so I'm very excited today because
we're talking about a fresh topic but a
fresh feature and a fresh launch for
LinkedIn we're talking about LinkedIn
influencer ads
um who better to get on the show than
the founder of the CMR possibly the the
world's most successful and largest to
be LinkedIn ads agency is that fair to
say
yeah it sounds weird uh to say and I I
find like myself uh tempering that and
saying you know there's not a ton of
LinkedIn ads agencies out there so maybe
it's not as impressive impressive as it
sounds but it is pretty cool and yeah I
think we're in a pretty good position to
offer uh some insights and advice on
this new feature I'm excited yeah man
and they've literally just just released
this feature what did it come out this
week or was it last week or they started
Slow Rolling it out I think four or five
weeks ago but right officially I think
just this in the last few days they're
saying everyone should actually have it
now
um globally so that it just yeah is that
fresh I just personally got it I think
two two days ago so and I think everyone
should have it now got it so we're
saying like a June 2023 kind of late
late release cool man so first and
foremost for anyone that's not familiar
with them what the heck are LinkedIn
influencer ads so LinkedIn influencer
ads um are a way for a company to
sponsor posts from an individual
employee so previously what you've been
able to do is a lot of LinkedIn ads
operates out of the company page so a
lot of the ads a company page could make
a post and then the ads account could
sponsor that company page post so you
have the organic Amplified by and
Amplified and targeted by the paid ads
or you could create ads that then get
pushed out but they they are viewed in
the feed very similarly they look like
they are put forward by the company page
if you go to the company page and look
through their posts and ads you see all
of those but this is different this is
uh in the feed it appears different so
it'll it doesn't actually say like from
your company and then here's a personal
it's not like your company's sharing
it's literally the per the person's
actual post uh it looks exactly as it
would in the feed the only difference
now is there's under underneath and they
they hit it which is really nice so it's
not even just at the very top like super
noticeable it's underneath the person's
name and title it now then says
sponsored by impactable you know B2B
LinkedIn ads agency so it's very sneaky
it looks very very very organic so I'm
happy with the way they put it together
that they didn't just make it look they
could have botched it they could have
made it look like the company literally
sharing a personal and it could look
terrible UI but it's actually really
clean uh which is really nice I like it
I was saying to you before we hit record
that so far the only ones in my feed
anyway I've seen are yours and they
aren't just like you say like Justin
doesn't have a bias here much like
Google are trying to do slowly and
steadily with their ads they don't look
like ads at all like for example with
the Google sponsored ads they've either
got the ad or the sponsored little
section in green but these have got just
got a tiny one liner under the under the
post right so you see a person you see
the person's little photo you see the
headline you see the post and they've
just got a little one-liner saying like
sponsored by and then company names it's
really vague and it's pretty it's pretty
um
yeah impactful
um so in terms of how it's going to work
but what what do you think this means
for these three companies this roll out
so one of the things that I think it's
it's almost just confirmation of what I
feel is Shifting already so one of the
things that I've tried to do with B2B is
to humanize it to personalize it to make
it feel more organic and more natural
and what I've realized over time is the
things that work with my organic
strategy the posts that actually create
inbound leads that is what works with a
paid ad strategy Amplified by paid ads
to the point that I was actually taking
screenshots of organic posts and running
them as ads uh I started that two years
ago and it became it started catching on
lately more and more with big funded
startups kind of stealing that strategy
this lets you do that without all the
you know hacks and finesse and trickery
um this is actually sponsoring your
employees so there's so many things you
could do with it the first is
founder-led marketing if you have
leaders in your company and they have a
voice one of the things you know was
LinkedIn organic but that took a crap
ton of manual effort to get a platform
large enough for you to get traction now
you can create the posts and you can
amplify it with paid ads and it can
accumulate the likes and comments so
you're just trading money for time the
other thing you can do is it can give
your employees voices they can give
um it opens up like think about
testimonials if I get five complimentary
B2B Service uh Founders to list
impactable as like a current employment
because they're you know founder
strategic Partners or something I could
have them make posts uh recommending us
and then I could sponsor those through
our company page and it could create
this kind of tricky Evergreen
third-party validation uh through
personal posts that would be pretty fun
awesome man awesome
um yeah in terms of kind of you've
mentioned a couple use cases there but
do you think that these are a bit of a
game changer in terms of the ad space
because like you mentioned there we're
so used to seeing in the feed the
organic posts and then the company based
posts
um do you think potential businesses
potential prospects of our target market
are going to be more inclined to trust
these ads because they're coming from a
person as opposed to a brand or a
company
I I absolutely do and I think a couple
of things will happen a one thing I've
noticed when I did my little screenshot
experiment is that when people the same
exact message from a person versus a
company people respond differently uh if
it's from a company they're already on
guard their defenses are up they expect
it's an ads even if you're literally
just there to give them a free resource
they're like uh what are you gonna do
next and I don't want to click on this
and I'm smarter than you and but if it's
a person sharing like a free guide or
you know just advice on LinkedIn I think
this is going to be the tricky part
because people are so reluctant to
interact with an ad because they know
that that signals their curiosity which
means they're going to be like
retargeted but they'll engage with a
personal post that goes over like so
think about that you make a personal
post detailing the the insights and
framework of your SEO structure and and
you're only showing that to you know
Founders and uh owners of agencies in a
certain size and then they're
interacting with that ad clicking read
more liking commenting and then all of
that is automatically harvested for a
retargeting audience that you can stay
in front of and nurture and all the
while they didn't know they were
interacting with an ad they were
interacting with a personal post that
now signaled that they're in the market
or curious about the service you offer
it's very it's very good implications I
think yeah and I suppose it's because
it's LinkedIn it's just amplifying
everything in the sense that yes you
might have to do some sponsored posts
and we're going to break down the
strategy in a bit in terms of kind of a
bit of an A to Z on how you can put this
into play but I suppose like you say if
they're seeing this they're not thinking
that it's a traditional ad maybe they're
placing more trust because it's coming
from a human as opposed to a company
then they might follow you or click on
your profile check a bit more about what
you're about what you do then follow you
then start seeing more of your organic
posts and then seeing a mix of the
sponsored posts then check out your
website and it just feeds into that
broader marketing strategy right of
placing trust in your company as the one
who can fix that problem or improve
their business or whatever the outcome
they're after
yeah I think it's a it's uh it's a
mixture like that and it it kind of goes
together with kind of that messy fire
journey and marketing ecosystem and I I
like you know I would want a mix like as
cool and as new as LinkedIn influencer
ads are like that shouldn't be your you
know probably your whole strategy uh so
but I think it's this idea of like they
don't yeah the idea that they don't know
it's an ad like and it's not from the
company it really is gonna be powerful
because there's going to be in their
feed after they take initial action this
is going to be ads that look more like
ads from your company they're gonna
recognize those but then they're also
going to start seeing these personal
posts either from the founder Executives
maybe even team members that you know
you strategically sponsored and they're
thinking that they're just getting
exposed to your company organically
they're hearing nice things but
obviously these are cherry-picked posts
showing like client wins or like company
culture that's like you know meant to
influence how you perceive company
um I think that's you know obviously
like yeah you see me getting excited
like that the level of
sophistication that you could do with
this I think is is going to be there's a
big range but then there's other people
you know even if you're just using it
very simply and crudely I think it's
it's still going to be powerful but yeah
there's definitely some more complex
things I think you could create
yeah awesome man let's let's jump into a
bit of a strategy in terms of how you
can set these up in some best plays in
your opinion anyway
um so I suppose first and foremost who
is it that you'd recommend anyway that
actually gets stuck into LinkedIn
influencer ads
the the absolute best so there'll be a
range of people that'll be useful for I
mean I imagine it could be useful for
almost any company there there are
certain people that this is going to be
best for so if you're saying you know
who is this like absolutely the best
thing for me or should I get really
excited the people who are going to see
the most successful in this are people
who have have put in the manual work
already to grind on social a little bit
even if you just have a a handful of
following you start to get some or some
traction if you're not starting from
scratch on the organic side that'll be
that'll be huge because the reason being
what we found just running a traditional
LinkedIn ads agency is that if you're
starting if you have a post that's
starting with zero likes zero comments
and then you start putting money behind
it it's very expensive to push a post
and try to grow it
um from from scratch and we find that
having likes and comments on posts
scanned ads improves the performance
once people see that more other people
have liked and commented it has this
social proof third party validation
they're much willing to give that
message uh and that post more time more
consideration so if you've already done
the work to know what kind of posts
um resonate with your organic posts
resonate with your prospects and you
have done that work to to have some
following and engage following and you
have posts that
um have that and you have posts
obviously it would be nice if that's
you've already figured out which posts
create inbound leads then that's that's
a superpower if you're if you have the
organic side even halfway figured out
and you're getting inbound leads this is
going to be a way to amplify that and
you might have tried to do it crudely by
copying or doing screenshots or just
learning from that and making ads but
plugging it in directly and starting
with posts I already have 50 likes and
12 comments or you know something like
that like that's going to be really
powerful yeah because those people that
have been active on LinkedIn have even a
tiny engaged following they're going to
be at a huge Advantage trying these um
types I suppose that makes sense right
because if you've had organic posts that
you can scroll through and it's is it
the last six months of posts I think so
yeah six months is the what I don't know
yet because it's so new is if you
sponsor them now and then six months
goes by like is it just right you know
do they then expire that they can't stay
sponsored or you just have to snag them
within that window and then once they're
sponsored you know you can keep them
forever I don't know that answer yet and
we can't do video yet it's just uh text
and single image so far that feeling
when you've got a six month old and one
day post that was really really
successful and generated 100 leads but
you just can't sponsor it I know and
then and then yeah I mean because part
of a good organic strategy is over time
you test and when you know that
something's working you start recycling
you test different hooks so now instead
of like just recycling like you get your
top 15 20 posts you you make those you
create this Evergreen kind of structure
and then you ensure that anyone who goes
to your website checks out your visits
your company page or interacts with cold
ads sees this like volts of 15 20 High
Caliber ads like you know that should
that should be money
um
what about people Justin that don't have
much of uh following or haven't perhaps
they've done a little bit of content but
perhaps they don't haven't maybe had a
ton of success or the posts that they've
done maybe haven't had much in terms of
Impressions or in terms with likes
comments reposts Etc what about that
scenario should we ditch it until we've
scaled up our LinkedIn presence and
such a bit more or what your thoughts
question and I know like hyping up how
good it would be if you already had that
in place might might make starting
without that seem really less attractive
but I will say I'll come back and I'll
say this
it's still even if you have if you've
never post organically if you don't have
that figured out if you have no
following I can almost guarantee that
this style of ads will still probably
outperform the vast majority of normal
B2B ads you could run from your company
page just them being from an actual
person from the leadership them feeling
more natural they're gonna outperform
even without having anything else at
your back or advantageous it's still
going to outperform all the vast
majority of regular company ads so you
should still be excited about it um but
yeah if you have that in place then you
know should be really stoked the the
level we could go into this topic is
almost endless
um but there's so many things that come
into my mind now now and we haven't even
gotten to the actual kind of main
strategy but in terms of who actually
should be doing it from a company yeah
so I don't know say we're a B2B tech
company maybe we've got some kind of SAS
offering
should it just be our founder and maybe
some of our revenue or marketing leaders
or we could get ourselves reps our sales
leaders involved like how how granular
can we go in terms of kind of the actual
um people that we're sponsoring these
posts from what what do you think of
that side of things
so before we had the LinkedIn ads agency
my first agency was a LinkedIn Outreach
agency
um it was direct response it was cold
Outreach one of the things we did
realize and we did it from people's
personal LinkedIn accounts I know that's
really taboo and you know there's a lot
bad stigma around that but I learned a
lot in that in that first Fourier
business one of the things was people on
LinkedIn pay attention more the higher
up the the latter someone is saying
something so a lot of times when we do
direct Outreach with LinkedIn you know
we'd use the founder CEO president's
account a lot of times if that was you
know not so they didn't like that and
we'd use a VP or a head of sales or
ahead of marketing the results
um always dropped off so I would say
there's something really nice about
humanizing and putting a face to the
head of your company so whoever your
leader is
um there's there's some for marketing
agencies I do think like you're head of
marketing your CMO that that is a really
viable option that head of marketing
being the face for that company I think
that's worked well even with SAS
companies so I would say head of
marketing or CDO founder
um whichever one is maybe more you know
uh I guess
um
[Music]
because someone could ghost write that
but probably one of those top two
positions what we have found is yeah if
it's a sales rep like people just assume
you know they're on guard they assume
that there's a motive to sales rep or
eight you know AE or whatever ahead of
sales isn't just on LinkedIn for the the
heck of it like they want something
whereas the founder some some people
actually assume that they have you know
good attention to want to educate people
so I would say those are the people you
probably want to look at got it and in
terms of let's talk about actual tactics
so in terms of actually building these
ads out what's like a a starting point
so the the main tactics like if you're
looking to use this that I would look to
leverage would be a couple things first
I would say yeah take someone from
leadership
um and and depending on your website
traffic so I guess there's a couple
scenarios
um if you already are running LinkedIn
ads or if you already have a nice
marketing ecosystem I would I would work
these into retargeting
um I would retarget 90-day website
visitors company page visitors people
that interacted with your cold ads I
would put uh influencer ads in your
90-day retargeting as a starting point
and and I would focus on on posts
um creating posts that build trust and
credibility
um so it could be big Partnerships uh
announcements uh it could be big clients
results success uh that we're excited
about company growth things that
position or or deep niched expertise you
know really uh example case study
um numbers stats um really positioning
you as an expert uh in your space and I
would I would sponsor those kind of
posts
um and specifically if possible ones
that had them the most social
interaction already with it so the goal
being that we want to you know do more
than there's a big there's a big
difference between a company ad saying
hey we've worked with 300 plus logos
um you know this is why you should trust
us versus the CEO coming out and making
a post that's announcing like how proud
they are to partner with this visible
logo and the results they're getting for
them and it looks like a post that's
sharing like insights and learnings from
partnering with this so it has like you
know but it's also really Drilling in
your mind like this company works with
big Brands like that's the point and
it's doing it sneakily uh so I would say
that that kind of stuff is what you
should lead with and help build trust
and credibility but in a less blatant in
your face kind of way strategically yeah
yeah so this is where perhaps we you
talk about drawing a line because we all
know that if you spent any time on
LinkedIn and tried to create content
most of the time if you do the
traditional and inverted commas me me
posts like that company just got funding
we just won this award or we just won
this client and it's just like a two or
three liner and then maybe an award
picture or a success picture or people
in in your company cheering or
celebrating pop and champagne whatever
the hell it is they usually flop they
get two or three likes and that's
probably from your company dog and maybe
your colleague
um they don't drive any inbound leads
but quite often the ones that unpack
maybe they have something like that but
then they'll unpack and share some
actionable tips of how you did the
strategy and give people kind of ideas
insights thoughts opinions on on what
they can steal and put into play for
their own strategy those tend to do a
lot better
um I know you guys have set some
meetings from these ads already are
there any kind of Frameworks or things
like that that you tend to recommend
that typically do quite well to give
people a bit of an idea for structuring
these posts
um yeah and it's probably one of those
things where it could be really
beneficial to pick up like someone's
LinkedIn organic guide
um like I never got around to making
like these framework hooks um I know
like Matt Barker and Justin Welsh and
whoever else uh has like these
Frameworks it might actually be worth
um because it is going to be different
than a LinkedIn ad you know you want to
structure it as if it's a personal post
from an actual person sharing actual you
know insights or something valuable so
from for me personally
um my framework is usually the first
line the hook is some kind of Stat or
some
um you know some desirable stat and then
the promise to uncover like how we did
it you know booked x amount of meetings
achieved x amount of results saved x
amount of money
um and this is you know I'm gonna show
you how you do it so a a goal that we
want to achieve the promise to unveil it
unveil it and then my my post is usually
then packed with step by step step
instructions of how to achieve exactly
that or how we did it that works
incredibly well there's different we do
it with client case studies our own ads
our call booking results uh cost Savings
of an audit and then we'll unpack it and
those do extremely well both by
popularity uh LinkedIn people the
LinkedIn prospects seem to actually
enjoy consuming it and then it actually
creates inbound leads so I took those
specific posts because I knew exactly
which posts from my last six months have
actually created inbound leads and I I
brought those into my influence campaign
uh which is yeah I'm really excited
about that and so it didn't surprise me
um that they're already you know booking
calls and what I did with mine was I
already had a really robust 90-day
retargeting framework
um so I actually added this to my 30 day
so now after they take an action they're
gonna see these ads
um really intensely in the first 30 days
days and then they'll still be in my
broader 90 day which will be more
company and still some of my screenshot
ones so it's still a mixture
um but yeah that's also why I probably
saw results on mine really fast because
I was also targeting the most recent
interactions trying to get the most bang
for my buck yeah yeah yeah nice nice
it's funny how some of the traditional
marketing and sales rules are thrown out
of the window when it comes to LinkedIn
posts because I've had much the same
like literally the posts when I've said
stuff like how I outranked semrush
within a month and then just break down
the strategy you know the the marketing
Strat tactics or copyright attacks like
never use I always talk about you and
always put yourself in outside the read
issues and talk about the benefits for
them but when you actually write it from
a personal perspective yeah as the hook
and then break it down those posts just
like yourself have tend to do really
well for for us I think I think it's
because they're they're they're masked
and like you're not saying I'm the
expert I know how to do this for
everyone you're saying this is what I
figured for myself and it's like a
humble way of saying like or showing
that you are an expert in that area
um because you're confident enough to do
it yourself you're sharing their Journey
but it's like very disarming I mean
because it's also like I think it's I
think it's the type of of content that
people are looking to consume it's it's
the same Vibe on YouTube like I go to
YouTube I actually yeah I I view YouTube
in a very similar way I do LinkedIn I
come onto LinkedIn usually sure to
spread our message and to provide value
and and help create our inbound but I'm
also there to consume and learn myself I
like uh I like SEO uh Google ads
Facebook ads Instagram ads like even
though I'm not doing all those things
every day I love to read like The
breakdowns the thought process there's
so much crossover like psychology
um I love and and as marketers we only
have capacity to master a couple of
things really well and then do a bunch
of stuff okay
um and so it's really cool to learn from
other people who are maybe just as smart
as us or smarter that have dove into a
different area and and learn from there
um so that's that's the kind of content
I enjoy and it seems like that's the
kind of content like other people enjoy
that actually moves action as well
because they realize it's more
complicated than they thought and you've
now positioned yourself as an expert uh
so you teed it up kind of nicely
yeah so that old trick isn't it giving
away everything you know for for free so
people could do it themselves but they
realize it's going to be way too complex
take out way too much of their time so
they might as well hire an expert to get
the job done well we've just had a good
question from Tris Taylor do you need to
be an influencer to be able to do these
no you do not you just need to have a
personal profile that is attached to a
company so you have to be listed as an
employee uh as an active employee of
that company uh and then you are able to
uh to sponsor these
beautiful beautiful so yeah we're
talking about kind of how you can set up
tactic why as you mentioned retargeting
perhaps 90-day website traffic or
LinkedIn page traffic
um are those are those kind of the and
then find out dig out those posts that
have had the most success whether that
was in terms of kind of views
Impressions likes comments or the ones
that actually drove meetings or leads
for the sales team
um what do we do once we've set up is is
that all there is or is there a fair bit
more that we need to Tinker manage and
experiment with
um so there'll be a couple of things I
mean so yeah if you're just adding it
into a retargeting layer
um you know it should kind of do its job
you can monitor like the 90-day
frequency and you can see how many ads
from this campaign the typical Prospect
is seeing um you can then decide you
know if you need more creatives or not I
would set it to rotate ads evenly versus
optimize for performance the goal here
would be for them to see as many of
those hero posts as possible in that
90-day frame not just re-show them the
top two or three ads multiple multiple
times
um and then the other thing you know I I
would also really consider them for the
cold
um even if you're not in influence
influencer they are still I can almost
guarantee they're going to work better
than most regular ads on the company
page I would pick a slightly different
um at our topics
um you could still do the examples the
uh the stat progression this is how we
accomplish this those I think still work
really well for cold I would stay away
from like just you know who we partnered
with company News company wins because
they don't know who you are what you do
yet so they don't care about what you've
accomplished the initial cold post
should be more subject matter expertise
um how to you know
um uh or guides or things like that the
hook should Clearly say like you they
yeah you just can't assume that they
know who you are what you do so it
should be more uh straightforward either
this is the benefits of your product
service these are the main results these
are the main pain points you sold those
kind of posts uh would work great for
the cold player and then yeah you should
you should kind of look at the frequency
and then judge them one of the good
things to know is all clicks on these
are pretty much chargeable
um and so if they click read more if
they interact with it they're chargeable
click so uh will have more clicks from
it they won't necessarily all be
generating website traffic well they
also don't have like a landing page
um but all of those clicks are
retargetable so even though you're not
sending them to a landing page if they
express interest or curiosity and
they're engaging with the post all of
that can be pulled into retargeting yeah
or if that campaign isn't retargeting
all of that data can be pulled and
segmented into like a hotter lead uh or
hotter Prospect category
gotcha yes I was going to say you raised
a good point there because we're
sponsoring existing posts we don't
unlike
um company ads I don't think you've got
the option to send them to a specific
website page do you it'll just no
although you could structure the posts
and comments like in order so you could
put links in so yeah there's I I don't
know if there's going to be like what
their rules are of what they approve or
not approve or what you could get away
with but yeah you could make your
personal post I'm pretty sure you can go
back and still edit like you could make
a post that gets tons of Engagement I
think you can edit it you can stack it
with links that would have killed me
um engagement early on when it was
purely organic and then you could
sponsor it I think
um so that that could work
yeah that's a bit of a sneaky one isn't
it like go back to a really old
successful Place put a CTA at the bottom
saying PS I'm taking on five more
clients yeah yeah something like that
but then again I guess the nature of
LinkedIn like the matter what call to
actions you put is usually people have
followed you for weeks if not months and
then they eventually direct message you
or go to your website scheduler rather
than
that one-off CTA that just blew up
everything like that's pretty rare right
yeah and the other thing you could do is
you could make you could make personal
posts knowing that you're going to
sponsor them and put like I was thinking
you know I could make a personal post
and not oh I did make a personal post
announcing uh influencer ads I'm then
going to sponsor that post uh as an
influencer at and show them to
um I don't know maybe like personal
branding agencies or marketing agencies
who who engage with dark social content
and uh or something so or you could
um yeah you could you could have one
that you're posting and you're saying
hey friend I know you've been following
us or engaging with our content lately
I'd love for you to book a call and
you're just showing that so it's a
personal post but you're just showing
that to people that have engaged with
like your LinkedIn 90-day retargeting
ads and then you sponsor a personal post
that's speaking directly to that group
acknowledging that they've engaged with
your brand and blah blah and managing
them into book a call but it would feel
more personal because it's coming your
company CEO versus the company page I
think that would be clever yeah yeah
um and is it much the same in terms of
like uh cost per clicks and things like
is it much the same as the company page
was as I mean for example you helped us
with ours recently and I think we were
putting like 10 to 20 dollars per day
behind each ad set it's a similar kind
of thing
yeah it will be similar the the amounts
will be slightly different because it's
counting almost everything as clicks so
the but then the cost per click is is
really small so it's saying like my cost
per click is 10 15 20 cents but it's
counting any interaction with the
whatever as a click so it'll be
interesting I need more data to see like
what the cost for per like actual
landing page well but yeah how would
they even they'd have to it would really
be actually I would assume that would be
high then because for them to then go to
our website they'd have to leave
LinkedIn Google us or go to our company
page so maybe like the cost per company
page visit from those campaigns would be
interesting because they would have to
like get intrigued and then start doing
research on their own so some of that
stuff will be able to track
um or you can yeah but the cost per I
would say the the CPM is going to be a
lot lower
um so the you know the cost for like a
thousand Impressions uh will probably be
lower and the cost per interaction will
be lower traditionally
um it will be yeah it will be harder
obviously more expensive to drive direct
traffic to a landing page or company
page with those ads but the idea is that
you're moving the needle on trust
credibility humanization of your brand
that should impact other campaigns to be
more effective as well
gonna should have asked this at the
start but it feels like to me so the
time recording we're late June 2023 that
the organic reach the time content
across the board feels like it's gone
down by about half over the last two or
three months to me are you seeing that
as well
yeah and we definitely saw that and I
would say that's yeah I'm seeing that we
noticed a big drop in my personal
organic reach inbound leads from
um from Arlington organic and I'm sure
I'm sure it's just a coincidence that
it's happening just at the time that
LinkedIn rolls out a way for people to
pay for more Impressions from their
personal accounts so
um for me yeah I almost see it as I I
need to I needed to adopt this as fast
as possible to supplement what they've
you know kind of penalized the organic
side and we're moving into more pay to
play which fine whatever but yeah I
definitely noticed that
um yeah definitely
um are there any other we've talked
about a couple Justin but are there any
lesser-known plays or more unusual
strategies or ways that we can Implement
these that you think that are going to
be quite nice to play around with um I I
think there'll be a lot of I think
there'll be a lot of experimenting that
that comes out I think it'll only be a
matter of time before they allow us to
sponsor video posts which I think will
be will be really fun
um especially if they let us track the
views of
personally posted videos and funnel that
those views into retargeting audiences
that I think that could be huge one of
the things that we're thinking about
doing organically is
um using having strategically having
different employees specifically post
certain things with the intention of
sponsoring them
um so that we can expose prospects to
more people more strategic people in our
team kind of humanize the brand let them
know who our our leaders are for example
one of them we just hired uh Sheila who
was working as LinkedIn uh technical
support and now she's gonna be a digital
account manager for us we plan on making
an announcement you know that she just
joined the team she just made a post
this morning that she just joined the
team I fully intend on leveraging you
know her kind of network and doing some
influencer sponsored posts of hers
probably her announcement that she's
joining our team get that crossover
recognition third party validation
um from that so I do think there's some
clever things you could do one of the
things I I thought about was kind of
yeah anyone who's attached to your
company can be sponsored so it might
open the door for like affiliate or
sponsorship plays
um where I say hey Sam you know can you
list impactable as a current occupation
as an advisor and then can you make you
know will you make a post uh saying that
we are the LinkedIn ads of choice uh and
then I will sponsor that so that I have
not just our employees but your title
that is an interesting that is a really
interesting play
do one for you and I mean because it's
not trickery like it's true like I If if
anyone wants you know SEO or Google ads
like I refer them to you and I would say
as much if you want to record this clip
I highly recommend web choice to all of
our clients uh for SEO uh paid search uh
Sam and his agency is genius at what
they do and we fully endorse them and so
if I were to make a post that said that
and I was attached to your company
profile and then you sponsor that
pretty pretty nice and then yeah I could
do that with three or four people and
then essentially yeah I'm curating this
journey of third-party validation that
feels very organic and natural and like
these customers these process these
prospects just discovered you know this
cool agency that everyone seems to love
all these notable noticeable people but
it's you know it's as sneaky as clutch
I can imagine how ah don't get me
started on clutches yeah that dropped
off too which it makes me think some of
it is also just this seasonal like I
know this already because on search
traffic drop down our clutch watch I
don't know the collect traffic didn't
drop down but they're still charging as
much
um and it doesn't seem to be like
converting as much so
that's a different story that angle that
you've just raised there with influencer
or Partnerships could be huge I can see
martech companies just listening to this
and then getting kind of people that
have got belting reach on LinkedIn
um I can think of a bunch of sales
leaders and marketing leaders right now
they could do a deal with them like
stick advisor on your profile stick a
post that's perhaps actionable helpful
has a good hook but then at the end of
it give us a call to action
here's five grand
Let's uh let's expose the heck out of it
and get it to all your audience and
sponsor that the heck out of it yeah it
could be yeah that alone could be
something that's a really a really big
thing all by itself there's so many
angles off that that's really really
interesting yeah that could be fun
so is there anything else we should
discuss when it comes to weaving this
into the wider marketing approach I.E
like we talked about retargeting maybe
making better use of the SEO traffic or
paid ads traffic that's coming to your
site it sounds to me like this is very
much
almost an advanced demand gen strategy
yeah I I would say it's it's definitely
yeah if if you try to use this in the
old Playbook like just be I mean sure it
might actually still be better than
boring B2B ads from the company page but
you'll really be missing a Mark I've
we've seen some people using this
already out in the wild that companies
internally putting it out and it's like
it's like when the the companies
internally are trying to make posts for
their CEO it's like they're just sharing
blog articles and it's like the worst
organic post that gets no traction
because it's clearly done by like the
intern in marketing who's trying to make
posts for the CEO and they're just
either re-sharing other posts or sharing
articles or you know it's just nothing
and then they're sponsoring that so sure
maybe that does do better than the
really crappy boring post on the company
page but you're really like missing the
mark on like how you could be doing that
you really should be looking uh to
extract subject matter expertise from
the actual subject matter expert and now
this is the easiest way
um instead of like sitting down and
interviewing them getting that writing a
blog or turning that into content from
the company page you literally get that
or get him to just get them to divulge
that put it in a post and then sponsor
it
um like yeah you just need to I guess
those who struggle with Organic strategy
that ever produces inbound leads aren't
going to get the full effectiveness of
this those people who understand that
you can actually get powerful inbound
leads by a demand gen approach with
Organic strategy using this to amplify
naturalize humanize what you're doing
will add fuel to it do you think it's
fair to say that if your company doesn't
have any subject matter experts
that aren't getting decent organic
response at the moment should probably
just partner with someone who has got
that reach in your target market or
Niche do what we just talked about yeah
pay them whilst you build someone up
internally
and and then once you've got someone
with their profile built up and that's
kind of learned the game learn the way
of creating organic content that
resonates with the ICP
been off the advisor and Bob's your
uncle
yeah honestly I mean that could be so
powerful
um because yeah the the big thing is
yeah you'd want a subject matter expert
who is visible in the industry already
uh ideally otherwise it's the same idea
like you're starting from scratch and
you're using paid paid ads and money to
try to make someone a visible player in
an organic space which is really really
tough to do that's what I mean say for
example in the sales space think of
someone like Josh Braun it's like
possibly got one of the biggest sales
followings to my knowledge anyway
um because you actually post decent
stuff around sales tips expertise and
mindset if a company partnered with him
that didn't have a subject matter expert
let's say they provide some kind of
sales performance software in the SAS
space they don't have a subject matter
expert with good reach and organic
content they hire him for a few months
whilst they build some up in Turney then
they shift internal that's huge right
yeah you could probably yeah you'd
probably charge a month like either a
set fee for I mean yeah they could be
its own little space like I mean that's
your brand new service offering yeah I'm
go solo on that one I think it'd be hard
to detach from here but yeah actually
like yeah if there's if I found if I'm
an influence in the marketing space then
yeah ideally someone you know other
agencies like you
um we could we could either develop just
strategic Partnerships and do this for
each other or us as individual
influencers to other people outside our
little group that could sell our slots
like if someone wants me to to attach
myself to their company page and like
talk about their you know help them
position themselves as experts obviously
it should be something I believe in but
then yeah I should be able to sell that
and it should probably be an ongoing
thing because I'd have to ongoingly
agree to keep my profile attached to
their company page and so it'd probably
be some ongoing
um deal to make that worth it but they
would get big Roi if they do that
strategically yeah I'm thinking if I do
that if I have the people that are known
in our space referring LinkedIn ads uh
clients to us and they make that post or
think about just Justin Welch makes a
post and and then you like and yeah if
you make this post because the other
thing you're tapping into is not just
like the visibility of like a known
person and then you're making an ad you
literally do get to tap into their
Network they make the post their actual
audience sees the post and then you're
sponsoring it so I do believe you can
actually then you know retarget all
those people that engage with their
personal posts so you're actually like
tapping into their their own audience as
well
yeah yeah and for anyone that doesn't
know he's possible to my knowledge
anyway Justin I don't know if you agree
but possibly the biggest biggest let's
say influencer but but it comes for um
personal branding space and kind of
solopreneur solopreneurship space on
LinkedIn to my knowledge anyway
yeah one of those like dream scenarios
too where he probably is making like
multiple seven figures as a one person
like agency which is like you know every
every person's like hey when they set
out to do an agency usually that's what
they meant to do but it's like actual
agencies are usually you know only like
one percent would ever get to that part
but yeah he's done very well yeah yeah
and I'd imagine if anyone wanted to
sponsor his stuff he'd be charging a
fair
because they they do they started to do
stuff like that like um you can he sells
sponsorships in his newsletter and other
people do that where they'll say you
know sponsor the podcast or uh get
sponsored in the newsletter I'll I'll
bla I'll put you a little blurb to you
to all of my whatever so it'd be very
similar to that like if you want me to
if you want to do a sponsorship with me
this is you know packages for that uh
but it'd be yeah honestly that could be
huge not as you know me selling space
but what it could do for our agency if
we had three or four strategic Partners
who who would help help use their
influence with paid ads behind it to
send like an evergreen referral flow to
us like that would be just amazing
awesome awesome fantastic
definitely definitely testing these um
so hopefully we've shined a light in
terms of how you can expose these
LinkedIn influence ads to your company
Advantage
um or Partnerships advantage or
sponsorship Advantage
um so with that Justin is there anything
we missed before we wrap things up that
you want to end on no I think that I
think that should be a good one this is
a topic that will need a lot more
digging into a lot more experimentation
it'd probably be good to you know I'll
probably put some stuff together like
exact how to to set up what they look
like people are struggling to find them
um so I guess the last thing I would say
is they have to be
um either awareness or
um engagement as an objective I'm pretty
sure you have to turn off expansion and
Audience Network and then when you go
over to the next time to actually add
new creatives uh you can click browse
existing content so you still select a
single image ad type
um with either awareness or engagement
objective then when you go to select
create the ads you select browse
existing content and now where it used
to just be company page posts that would
show there it has sponsored company and
employee and if you click on employee
you start typing someone's name if
they're attached to that company their
name will come up all of their posts
from the last six months will come up
you'll click on the post that you want
to use you'll have to click request
approval it'll send your approval
request to that person they'll have to
approve and then you'll have to go back
to that section of all your requested
ads select them and then actually click
sponsor and then they'll go through
approval process so some people are
everyone should have them so it
shouldn't be a case that you it hasn't
been rolled out to they should be
available you might just be struggling
to find them so I'll try to put
something out that walks you through
more step by step and visual but that is
how you find them um bam that was the
probably the last thing I had Legend so
with that Justin please do tell us more
about how one can connect with you learn
more about your company and anything you
want to send our audience to the the
best places to find myself in the
company uh LinkedIn ads agency is
impactable.com uh LinkedIn ads is our
core offering uh you can also find me on
LinkedIn search for Justin Rowe Rowe I'm
usually the first one that pops up and
then I I really like to send people to
our YouTube channel as well so if you go
to YouTube and you type in impactable or
LinkedIn ads agency usually you'll find
us we have 250 something videos it's
probably one of the biggest free
resources for LinkedIn ads education uh
and I'm I'm really proud of uh that
Community there so check out those three
places if you want to learn more
Legend Justin really appreciate the
conversation and thanks very much for
for coming on the show and I can
certainly endorse impactable as we
partner with them like I say to send any
LinkedIn ads requirement prospects their
way so be sure to check them out thank
you once again sir
awesome I appreciate it thank you no
worries dude and as always if you
enjoyed today's episode a quick rating
or review on your podcast channel is
appreciated or if you're on YouTube a
subscribe goes a long way and with that
we'll catch you on the next one for more
actionable no BS B2B marketing tips to
grow your business and revenue catch you
soon